docs/index.md, before:

# cubao

## Welcome to the [`cubao`](https://github.com/cubao) team 🙌

<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
👀 Contribution guidelines - how do team members dive in?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where do you keep your docs? Is there anything else the team should know?
🍪 Fun facts - what is your team's favorite snack?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->

cubao [粗(cū)暴(bào)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/zh/dictionary/chinese-english/%E7%B2%97%E6%9A%B4).

>   rough(ly) simple, dead simple, simple naive.

🙋‍♀️ Introduction
================

We provide some building blocks for YOUR building blocks for GIS, Autonomous Driving, Visualization, Gaming, Scientific Computing, etc.

We demonstrate a possibility.

👀 Contribution guidelines
==========================

Join us by contacting my personal github/email/wechat/twitter: `Z2l0aHViOiBkaXN0cmljdDEwCmVtYWlsOiBkdm9yYWs0dHp4QGdtYWlsLmNvbQp3ZWNoYXQ6IHRhbmd6aGl4aW9uZy1uZwo=`.

Or just fire a PR, create an Issue, etc.

Let's see what we can bring about.

👩‍💻 Useful resources
====================

-   mapbox: <https://github.com/mapbox>
-   libigl: <https://github.com/libigl>
-   pybind11: <https://github.com/pybind/pybind11>

🎁 Packages
============

| Package | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| [cmake-example](https://cmake-example.readthedocs.io) | Example pybind11 module built with a CMake-based build system. |
| [concave-hull](https://concave-hull.readthedocs.io) | A very fast 2D concave hull algorithm. |
| [polyline-ruler](https://polyline-ruler.readthedocs.io) | Init from mapbox/cheap-ruler but more than that. |
| [fast-crossing](https://fast-crossing.readthedocs.io) | Fast polyline (line segments) intersection (fast version of bentley-ottmann). |

Commit message:

update index (#7)
* add pybind11-geobuf

* update docs

* update

docs/index.md, after:

# cubao

## Welcome to the [`cubao`](https://github.com/cubao) team 🙌

<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
👀 Contribution guidelines - how do team members dive in?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where do you keep your docs? Is there anything else the team should know?
🍪 Fun facts - what is your team's favorite snack?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->

cubao [粗(cū)暴(bào)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/zh/dictionary/chinese-english/%E7%B2%97%E6%9A%B4).

>   rough(ly) simple, dead simple, simple naive.

🙋‍♀️ Introduction
================

We provide some building blocks for YOUR building blocks for GIS, Autonomous Driving, Visualization, Gaming, Scientific Computing, etc.

We demonstrate a possibility.

👀 Contribution guidelines
==========================

Join us by contacting my personal github/email/wechat/twitter: `Z2l0aHViOiBkaXN0cmljdDEwCmVtYWlsOiBkdm9yYWs0dHp4QGdtYWlsLmNvbQp3ZWNoYXQ6IHRhbmd6aGl4aW9uZy1uZwo=`.

Or just fire a PR, create an Issue, etc.

Let's see what we can bring about.

👩‍💻 Useful resources
====================

-   mapbox: <https://github.com/mapbox>
-   libigl: <https://github.com/libigl>
-   pybind11: <https://github.com/pybind/pybind11>

🎁 Packages
============

| Package | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| [cmake-example](https://cmake-example.readthedocs.io) | Example pybind11 module built with a CMake-based build system. |
| [concave-hull](https://concave-hull.readthedocs.io) | A very fast 2D concave hull algorithm. |
| [fast-crossing](https://fast-crossing.readthedocs.io) | Fast polyline (line segments) intersection (fast version of bentley-ottmann). |
| [geobuf-cpp](https://geobuf-cpp.readthedocs.io) | C++ port of mapbox/geobuf, and with python binding. |
| [polyline-ruler](https://polyline-ruler.readthedocs.io) | Init from mapbox/cheap-ruler but more than that. |
| [pybind11-rdp](https://pybind11-rdp.readthedocs.io) | C++/pybind11/NumPy implementation of the Ramer-Douglas-Peucker algorithm, a fast and correct drop-in replacement for python [rdp](https://github.com/fhirschmann/rdp) |
| [ubuntu16.04/open3d](https://github.com/cubao/Open3D) | open3d build scripts and wheels for ubuntu 16.04 (officially not supported now by [isl-org/open3d](https://github.com/isl-org/Open3D) |
